From what it looks like, and I am not 100% sure, you might just need to ask Sarah, but it shows in her report she had a test vector file, but I cannot tell if it was generated by the computer (from the program we're using Electric), or if it was from her manually making one, cause there is NO existance of any ADDITIONAL code in there that shows where there was a "text bench" in use. :/ 

Unless I missed something, I don't think she actually used that vector text file. 

From what it sounded like, the instructions recommended that you MAKE a text bench file that utilized the vector text file that, IDK where that came from -_- (I made mine based on what Sarah put down), but it SOUNDS similar to what we did in the VHDL class where we made something work, then wrote code for it to test every single test-case to see if it worked. The key difference here is I THINK is that it pulls that data from a text file, and goes from there, but I COULD be wrong. 

The purpose of this entire thing is to automate the testing process to make sure things are working logically as expected (for this case). However, ALSO as the instructions lays out, you can MANUALLY force these things to be in what state you want the inputs to be in, manually check the output and go from there.... And encourages you for a more complex system to automate this process since changing the inputs and manually verifying the outputs are tedious. (Fair enough) 

Theoredically, you SHOULD just be able to write a program that itterates down the text file (in VHDL) and based on the known input signals and the output signals, you can verify them by itterating down the list and see if they match. If they do NOT, then your in trouble. But then that begs the question, was the graphical aspect even needed? 
WHile it looks pretty and what no, I do not think we did for that one VHDL project where we did have to make our own "test bench" code thingy. I know I manually entered in the logical statements (hard-coded) for the testing process, so in THEORY the only difference here would be to tie that concept to a text file, read it, set the inputs accordingly, and go from there. 

Might want to back-up my VHDL project and test that for a later date. 

- NIC_ 3/22/2024 (@ 5:26PM) 

UPDATE: 
The insturctions on page 5 for project 1 talk about this, you dumb ass (this is what I get for not reading the entire project's hand-out and just skipping to what I need to turn in (SMH) 

- NIC_ 3/22/2024 (@ 9:53PM - I had like a 3.5 hr long break [dumbass])